README.md, before:

# C Spire Camp 2021 Web Project

This is the group project I was the coding specialist for at the 2021 C Spire camp. The files in this repo are exactly the same as how they were at the time of presentation, except for this `README.md` which was edited afterwards from the original `create-next-app` template.

This project uses [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), an extension of the [React](https://reactjs.org) library created by Facebook. This was chosen because of the simplicity of quickly making multiple pages that share the same layout and styled components.

*Demo: [https://cspire-camp-2021-trg5503.vercel.app](https://cspire-camp-2021-trg5503.vercel.app)*

## Development Environment

You need [Git](https://git-scm.com), [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) and npm (which usually comes with the Node.js install) installed on your development machine to build and serve this website.

To download the repo and install the required dependencies:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/trg5503/cspire-camp-2021.git/
$ cd cspire-camp-2021
$ npm install
```

You can run the development server, which automatically updates the pages when you save files, by running:

```bash
$ npm run dev
```

The website will be available at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Building for Production

To build the site for production:

```bash
$ npm run build
```

After building, you can start the production web server:

```bash
$ npm start
```

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

Commit message:

Add reference to improvements branch

README.md, after:

# C Spire Camp 2021 Web Project

This is the group project I was the coding specialist for at the 2021 C Spire camp. The files in this repo are exactly the same as how they were at the time of presentation, except for this `README.md` which was edited afterwards from the original `create-next-app` template. To see the changes made *after* the camp ended, look at the [`improvements` branch](https://github.com/trg5503/cspire-camp-2021/tree/improvements) (changes made are in [`CHANGES.md`](https://github.com/trg5503/cspire-camp-2021/blob/improvements/CHANGES.md)).

This project uses [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), an extension of the [React](https://reactjs.org) library created by Facebook. This was chosen because of the simplicity of quickly making multiple pages that share the same layout and styled components.

*Demo: [https://cspire-camp-2021-trg5503.vercel.app](https://cspire-camp-2021-trg5503.vercel.app)*

## Development Environment

You need [Git](https://git-scm.com), [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) and npm (which usually comes with the Node.js install) installed on your development machine to build and serve this website.

To download the repo and install the required dependencies:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/trg5503/cspire-camp-2021.git/
$ cd cspire-camp-2021
$ npm install
```

You can run the development server, which automatically updates the pages when you save files, by running:

```bash
$ npm run dev
```

The website will be available at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Building for Production

To build the site for production:

```bash
$ npm run build
```

After building, you can start the production web server:

```bash
$ npm start
```

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.
